com/easyfitness/utils/Value.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.Value
com/easyfitness/DAO/bodymeasures/DAOBodyMeasure.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.bodymeasures.DAOBodyMeasure
com/easyfitness/BtnClickListener.java
 com.easyfitness.BtnClickListener
com/easyfitness/DAO/program/DAOProgram.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.program.DAOProgram
com/easyfitness/enums/UnitType.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.UnitType
com/easyfitness/DAO/ProfileWeight.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.ProfileWeight
com/easyfitness/DAO/DAOProfileWeight.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DAOProfileWeight
com/easyfitness/utils/Keyboard.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.Keyboard
gr/antoniom/chronometer/Chronometer.java
 gr.antoniom.chronometer.Chronometer
 gr.antoniom.chronometer.Chronometer$1
 gr.antoniom.chronometer.Chronometer$OnChronometerTickListener
com/easyfitness/utils/RealPathUtil.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.RealPathUtil
com/easyfitness/MainActivity.java
 com.easyfitness.MainActivity
 com.easyfitness.MainActivity$1
 com.easyfitness.MainActivity$DrawerItemClickListener
com/easyfitness/utils/ExpandedListView.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.ExpandedListView
com/easyfitness/CustomSpinnerAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.CustomSpinnerAdapter
 com.easyfitness.CustomSpinnerAdapter$1
 com.easyfitness.CustomSpinnerAdapter$SpinnerHolder
com/easyfitness/utils/MusicController.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$1
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$2
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$3
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$4
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$5
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$Audio
 com.easyfitness.utils.MusicController$NoisyAudioStreamReceiver
com/easyfitness/DAO/DAOUtils.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DAOUtils
com/easyfitness/DAO/cardio/DAOOldCardio.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.cardio.DAOOldCardio
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramPagerFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramPagerFragment
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramPagerFragment$1
com/easyfitness/utils/DateConverter.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.DateConverter
com/easyfitness/AppViMo.java
 com.easyfitness.AppViMo
com/easyfitness/BuildConfig.java
 com.easyfitness.BuildConfig
com/easyfitness/DAO/DAOProfile.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DAOProfile
com/easyfitness/enums/WeightUnit.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.WeightUnit
com/easyfitness/DAO/Weight.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.Weight
com/easyfitness/machines/ExerciseDetailsPager.java
 com.easyfitness.machines.ExerciseDetailsPager
 com.easyfitness.machines.ExerciseDetailsPager$1
com/easyfitness/DAO/program/ProgramHistory.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.program.ProgramHistory
com/easyfitness/enums/Gender.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.Gender
com/easyfitness/DAO/Profile.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.Profile
com/easyfitness/enums/ProgramStatus.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.ProgramStatus
com/easyfitness/WeightCursorAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.WeightCursorAdapter
com/easyfitness/utils/OnCustomEventListener.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.OnCustomEventListener
com/easyfitness/views/EditableInputViewWithDate.java
 com.easyfitness.views.EditableInputViewWithDate
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramInfoFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramInfoFragment
com/easyfitness/intro/NewProfileFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.intro.NewProfileFragment
 com.easyfitness.intro.NewProfileFragment$1
 com.easyfitness.intro.NewProfileFragment$2
com/easyfitness/fonte/FontesFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment$1
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment$2
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment$3
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment$4
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesFragment$5
com/easyfitness/enums/ExerciseType.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.ExerciseType
com/easyfitness/enums/RecordType.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.RecordType
com/easyfitness/CountdownDialogbox.java
 com.easyfitness.CountdownDialogbox
 com.easyfitness.CountdownDialogbox$1
com/easyfitness/utils/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.AlarmReceiver
com/easyfitness/views/EditableInputView.java
 com.easyfitness.views.EditableInputView
 com.easyfitness.views.EditableInputView$CustomerDialogBuilder
 com.easyfitness.views.EditableInputView$OnTextChangedListener
com/easyfitness/DAO/DAOBase.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DAOBase
com/easyfitness/DatePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.DatePickerDialogFragment
com/easyfitness/utils/ExifUtil.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.ExifUtil
com/easyfitness/utils/FileChooserDialog.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.FileChooserDialog
 com.easyfitness.utils.FileChooserDialog$1
 com.easyfitness.utils.FileChooserDialog$1DirectoryOnClickListener
 com.easyfitness.utils.FileChooserDialog$ChosenFileListener
com/easyfitness/enums/Muscle.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$1
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$2
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$3
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$4
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$5
 com.easyfitness.enums.Muscle$6
com/easyfitness/intro/MainIntroActivity.java
 com.easyfitness.intro.MainIntroActivity
com/csvreader/CsvReader.java
 com.csvreader.CsvReader
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$ColumnBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$ComplexEscape
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$DataBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$HeadersHolder
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$Letters
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$RawRecordBuffer
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$StaticSettings
 com.csvreader.CsvReader$UserSettings
com/easyfitness/RecordEditorDialogbox.java
 com.easyfitness.RecordEditorDialogbox
 com.easyfitness.RecordEditorDialogbox$1
com/easyfitness/TimePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.TimePickerDialogFragment
com/csvreader/CsvWriter.java
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter$Letters
 com.csvreader.CsvWriter$UserSettings
com/easyfitness/bodymeasures/BodyPartDetailsFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment$1
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartDetailsFragment$2
com/easyfitness/enums/DistanceUnit.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.DistanceUnit
com/easyfitness/machines/MachineFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineFragment
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineFragment$1
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineFragment$2
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineFragment$3
com/easyfitness/DAO/program/DAOProgramHistory.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.program.DAOProgramHistory
com/easyfitness/machines/MachineArrayFullAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineArrayFullAdapter
com/easyfitness/machines/MachineCursorAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineCursorAdapter
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramListFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramListFragment
com/easyfitness/enums/Unit.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.Unit
com/easyfitness/DAO/CVSManager.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.CVSManager
com/easyfitness/DAO/Machine.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.Machine
com/easyfitness/bodymeasures/BodyMeasureCursorAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyMeasureCursorAdapter
com/easyfitness/utils/CustomExceptionHandler.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.CustomExceptionHandler
com/easyfitness/ProfileFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.ProfileFragment
com/easyfitness/views/WorkoutValuesInputView.java
 com.easyfitness.views.WorkoutValuesInputView
 com.easyfitness.views.WorkoutValuesInputView$1
com/easyfitness/DAO/bodymeasures/DAOBodyPart.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.bodymeasures.DAOBodyPart
com/easyfitness/views/SingleValueInputView.java
 com.easyfitness.views.SingleValueInputView
com/easyfitness/SpinnerItem.java
 com.easyfitness.SpinnerItem
com/easyfitness/DAO/program/Program.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.program.Program
com/easyfitness/AboutFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.AboutFragment
com/easyfitness/CustomDrawerAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.CustomDrawerAdapter
 com.easyfitness.CustomDrawerAdapter$1
 com.easyfitness.CustomDrawerAdapter$DrawerItemHolder
com/easyfitness/DAO/record/DAOCardio.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.record.DAOCardio
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramRunnerFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramRunnerFragment
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramRunnerFragment$1
com/easyfitness/NumberPickerDialogbox.java
 com.easyfitness.NumberPickerDialogbox
com/easyfitness/machines/MachineDetailsFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineDetailsFragment
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$1
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$2
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$3
 com.easyfitness.machines.MachineDetailsFragment$4
com/easyfitness/DAO/DAOMachine.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DAOMachine
com/easyfitness/enums/ProgramRecordStatus.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.ProgramRecordStatus
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramListAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramListAdapter
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramListAdapter$1
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/easyfitness/fonte/FonteHistoryFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FonteHistoryFragment
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FonteHistoryFragment$1
com/easyfitness/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.easyfitness.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/easyfitness/enums/DisplayType.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.DisplayType
com/easyfitness/DAO/cardio/OldCardio.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.cardio.OldCardio
com/easyfitness/ChronoDialogbox.java
 com.easyfitness.ChronoDialogbox
com/easyfitness/DAO/record/DAORecord.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.record.DAORecord
com/easyfitness/DrawerItem.java
 com.easyfitness.DrawerItem
com/easyfitness/utils/ImageUtil.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.ImageUtil
 com.easyfitness.utils.ImageUtil$OnDeleteImageListener
com/easyfitness/databinding/IntrofragmentNewprofileBinding.java
 com.easyfitness.databinding.IntrofragmentNewprofileBinding
com/easyfitness/ProfileViMo.java
 com.easyfitness.ProfileViMo
com/easyfitness/SettingsFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.SettingsFragment
com/easyfitness/DAO/bodymeasures/BodyPartExtensions.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.bodymeasures.BodyPartExtensions
com/easyfitness/bodymeasures/BodyPartListFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartListFragment
com/easyfitness/DAO/bodymeasures/BodyMeasure.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.bodymeasures.BodyMeasure
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramHistoryCursorAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramHistoryCursorAdapter
com/easyfitness/programs/ProgramHistoryFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramHistoryFragment
 com.easyfitness.programs.ProgramHistoryFragment$1
com/easyfitness/enums/SizeUnit.java
 com.easyfitness.enums.SizeUnit
com/easyfitness/DAO/bodymeasures/BodyPart.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.bodymeasures.BodyPart
com/easyfitness/licenses/CustomLicense.java
 com.easyfitness.licenses.CustomLicense
com/easyfitness/fonte/FontesPagerFragment.java
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesPagerFragment
 com.easyfitness.fonte.FontesPagerFragment$1
com/easyfitness/DAO/record/DAOFonte.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.record.DAOFonte
com/easyfitness/utils/UnitConverter.java
 com.easyfitness.utils.UnitConverter
 com.easyfitness.utils.UnitConverter$1
com/easyfitness/ValuesEditorDialogbox.java
 com.easyfitness.ValuesEditorDialogbox
 com.easyfitness.ValuesEditorDialogbox$1
com/easyfitness/DAO/record/DAOStatic.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.record.DAOStatic
com/easyfitness/DAO/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.DatabaseHelper
com/easyfitness/bodymeasures/BodyPartListAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter$1
 com.easyfitness.bodymeasures.BodyPartListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/easyfitness/fonte/RecordArrayAdapter.java
 com.easyfitness.fonte.RecordArrayAdapter
 com.easyfitness.fonte.RecordArrayAdapter$1
 com.easyfitness.fonte.RecordArrayAdapter$2
 com.easyfitness.fonte.RecordArrayAdapter$ViewHolder
com/easyfitness/DAO/record/Record.java
 com.easyfitness.DAO.record.Record
